Design Document: Time Management for CS50Monica Mishra	monicamishra@college.harvard.eduTF: Rob Bowden  Angel Jin 	ajin@college.harvard.eduTF: Karen Xiao 			Technical Overview:This website is written primarily in PHP, and flavored with HTML and CSS. There are also a few dashes of Javascript thrown in for accessing and validating user inputs and fields. The site's visual layout is chiefly found in styles.css.The site has five primary pages: index.php, about.php, contact.php, event.php, and event_confirmation.php. These five principal pages consist of the HTML layout of each page with php include statements embedded in to include code used across all the pages such as header.php and footer.php (found in the includes directory). Additionally, event.php and event_confirmation.php use a function called render() (found in includes/functions.php) to use values inputted by the user to display custom HTML and CSS on the page. The event_confirmation.php page is unique in that it can only be accessed once the user has submitted a successful "Add an Assignment" request. In addition to the main five pages, there exists a templates folder. Included in the templates folder, are apology.php, event_confirmation_form.php, and event_form.php. These files consist of HTML and CSS code whose contents shift based on what values are passed in. These values are passed in through a call such as : "render('event_confirmation_form.php', ["hours" => $hours,"type" => $type, "name" => $name]);"". This particular call was made in event_confirmation.php. apology.php is called when the user has inputted an incorrectly formatted value.The includes folder, contains footer.php, header.php, nav.php, and sidebar.php, which are CSS and HTML documents that format the website in a way that is the same among all the site's papes. functions.php in the includes folder contains three PHP functions which have been copied from CS50's Pset 7 (thank you!). These functions are used throughout the website. Finally, the google-api-php-client is part of the includes folder. This is the google calendar api library, which provides functionality to all the Google Calendar specific calls (functions, classes such as Event(), etc). The variables folder contains variables.php which contains the text values of constantly used text in the application, such as the name of the app. These variables are called to use in the header.php, footer.php, etc in the includes.php file. The reasoning behind the including of templates and variables and includes files is code readibilty. By sectioning off the code in this way, code duplication is also avoided. Obstacles During the Implementation Stage:The single most challenging part of this project was integrating with the google calendar api. The process of wading through Google's supposed "help" pages, and countless stack overflow posts was much more time consuming than expected. In addition to suffering through the integration, we used github to backup and store our code, making sure to commit frequently along the way. Simply learning all the git bash commands, and how to merge our two repository versions each time was also difficult. Luckily, hosting through XAMPP proved to be surprisingly straightforward. Next Steps:As we continue to develop this project, some of the features we plan on implementing, are A) a login system so that timemanagement.cs50@gmail.com isn't only calendar available to the user, B) integration with a MYSQL database so that the system can autopopulate total estimated time needed for a paper, pset, or exam, and C) a post due date feedback form to gauge the total time the user actually spent on the assignment.